Switch to Chakra UI. Update Stories (#1)
eleanorhealth/pair-programming-exercise: stories/3-sorting-bug.md

## Feature Requirements

> 1. When displaying the list of members, they should be sorted alphabetically ascending by last name then first name. (eg "Victor Melo" then "Abigail Miller" then "Brandon Miller")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When displaying the list of members, they should be sorted alphabetically A-Z by last name then first name. (eg "Victor Melo" then "Abigail Miller" then "Brandon Miller")
```
Might be more clear?

Reviewer: I'd add `Victor sorts first because Melo sorts before Miller, and then Abigail sorts before Brandon, but both Abigail and Brandon sort after Melo due to their last name Milller`

Reviewer: I just felt like it a bit more context would be good
